In this lecture, we are going to create the bank account command objects.
Now remember, a command is a combination of expressed intent that carries information that is required
to undertake an action based on that intent.
Simply put, it's the objects that we are going to use to tell the bank account command API what to
do.
We will create for command objects one for opening a bank account, another for depositing funds into
an account, also one for withdrawing funds and yet another to close an account navigate to the command
package under the bank account command API project.
Let's create a new class and call it open account command.
Again, go ahead and add the data annotation and the boulder annotation.
Now, again, we are going to mark Idy field with the target aggregate, identify annotation, if you
recall the target aggregate data for annotation tells the exact framework which instance of the aggregate
should handle the command message.
Now, let's add another field, one for the account holder.
Now we will get the account holder ID from the user query API because the user query API has data sovereignty
over the user database.
It's also add an account type field.
And then another field for specifying what the opening balance should be.
It's open the door XML file and add a dependency to your bank account called Project.
This will allow us to add the import statement.
They just added manually
come Dutch Spring Bank, Dutch bank account called Todd Models that can't type.
Let's go ahead and add another clause and call it deposit funds Camonte.
Let's go ahead and add the data and the boulder annotation again,
and I'm just going to go and copy the ID field.
And then we can add one more field, basically a field for specifying the amount that we want to deposit
into the account.
OK, let's create another command, let's call it withdraw funds command, and it will actually look
exactly the same as to deposit funds command, copy the annotations and the fields.
In this case, we will specify the amount that we want to withdraw.
And then finally, let's create our last command, close account command,
copy the annotations again.
And we can go ahead and copy just the idea, because that's all we will need to specify the idea of
the bank account that we want to close.
And that concludes the creation of our command objects, so let's build a project.
And if all goes well.
Everything should build successfully.